Fixed VCDM transformation algo, fixes #4 (#68)
vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc: draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc.md

VC-SD-JWT and VP-SD-JWT to the vocabulary and data model defined W3C VCDM 2.0
which is based on JSON-LD.

### W3C VC Specifications Directory

This specification registers the media type `application/vc+sd-jwt` in the
W3C Verifiable Credentials (VC) Directory [@VC-DIR].

### Mapping Algorithm

The following is a uni-directional transformation algorithm that takes in a
VC-SD-JWT conformant to this specification and maps it
to the corresponding properties in the W3C VCDM 2.0 [@VC-DATA]
which is based on a JSON-LD vocabulary. It includes specific handling for JWT
claims used in this specification. The function returns a Verifiable
Credential object in the W3C VCDM 2.0 format.

> Procedure:
> 1. Let `payload` be the unsecured payload of the VC-SD-JWT reconstructed from the SD-JWT and Disclosures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Procedure:
1. Validate SD-JWT following the steps defined in Section 6.2 of [@oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt].
1. Let payload be the payload of the VC-SD-JWT obtained in the previous step.
```

I thought we are calling it SD-JWT-VC and not VC-SD-JWT..?
I would prefer we move away from a VC WG specific terminology like secure/unsecured - signed, unsigned is simpler, no?
There is no `payload` claim in VCDM, right..?

Author: Can we please have the naming discussion in a separate issue? This PR does not introduce a new name, only the algorithm.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @Sakurann's proposals but to move naming discussion elsewhere.

Author: I created this issue https://github.com/vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc/issues/70, resolving this discussion.

> 1. Let `VC` be an empty JSON object that represents the transformed Verifiable Credential:
>   - Set the `@context` property of `VC` to `"https://www.w3.org/ns/credentials/v2"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Let `vc` be an empty JSON object that represents the transformed Verifiable Credential:
  - Set the `@context` property of `vc` to `"https://www.w3.org/ns/credentials/v2"`.
```

why uppercase..?

Author: @Sakurann `VC` is a variable that contains a JSON object in that case which is also the resulting W3C VC. I made it lower-case now. Does that work for you?

Author: We will use italic instead of double quotes for variable names.
